Are you crazy?
If you dare to hurt my child
I fight with you
What are you doing with me?
Take your salary of 3,000 yuan a month?
I'll be the young lady of the Qi family soon
So
I should have trampled you and your child under my feet
Why are you insulting my child?
Am I wrong?
Your children have been born until now
I don't know who his father is
What is not a wild species
I advise you
Get out of Jiangcheng early
Otherwise today is just the beginning
There will be no peace for your whole family in the future
Enough, you roll for me
roll
How dare this bad woman bully my mommy
I'm pissed off I'm pissed off
Don't worry, how can I not worry?
Mommy must be sad now
Urgent is useless
We might as well think about how to vent for Mommy
The second brother is the smartest
Do you have an idea?
Ah!
How come?
Recruit you to bully mommy
Who is pouring water?
Ah!
Xia Zhu, come out for me
Xia Zhu
If you toast and don't eat, you are fined for drinking, right?
Ok you wait for me